Rest of CLI Pages for Review (#495)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/nr1-cli/nr1-cli-revised.mdx

redirects:
  - /build-tools/new-relic-one-applications/cli
---

<Intro>

To build a [New Relic One app](/build-apps/build-hello-world-app), you must install the New Relic One CLI. The CLI helps you build, publish, and manage your New Relic app.

</Intro>

We provide a variety of tools for building New Relic One apps, including the New Relic One CLI (command line interface). This page will explain how to use [CLI commands](#new-relic-one-cli-commands) to:

- Generate Nerdpack/Nerdlet templates

- Locally serve Nerdpacks (when developing)

- Publish and deploy

- Subscribe to Nerdpacks

- Add screenshots and metadata to the New Relic One Catalog

## Installing the New Relic One CLI

From _within_ New Relic, go to the [**Build your own application** launcher](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/developer-center.launcher) and follow the instructions. This launcher will automatically generate an API key for the account you select, and give you the pre-populated commands to create a profile, generate your first "Hello World" app, and serve it locally.

![Build New Relic One application](../../images/developercenter.png)

## New Relic One CLI Commands

> This table gives descriptions for some of the most important CLI commands. For more context, including usage and option details, click any individual command or the command category. 

Reviewer: This makes it sound like there are other commands, that aren't as important, but aren't these all the commands?

Author: There are aliases we didn't mention, but I agree that's a bit misleading. I'll change to "This table gives descriptions for all of our important CLI commands."

> This table gives descriptions for some of the most important CLI commands. For more context, including usage and option details, click any individual command or the command category. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table provides descriptions for the New Relic One CLI commands. For more context, including usage and option details, click any individual command or the command category. 
```

For more on how to serve and publish your application, see our guide on [Deploying your New Relic One app](/build-tools/new-relic-one-applications/publish-deploy).

### [Get started](/explore-docs/nr1-general)
|                                                                   |                                                                                                                                                                            |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`nr1 help`](/explore-docs/nr1-general/#nr1-help)                 | Shows all `nr1` commands or details about each command.                                                                                                                    |
| [`nr1 update`](/explore-docs/nr1-general/#nr1-update)             | Updates to the latest version of the CLI.                                                                                                                                  |

> | [`nr1 create`](/explore-docs/nr1-general/#nr1-create)             | Creates a new component from a template list (Nerdpack, Nerdlet, launcher, or catalog).                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`nr1 create`](/explore-docs/nr1-general/#nr1-create)             | Creates a new component from a template (Nerdpack, Nerdlet, launcher, or catalog).                                                                                    |
```
